Added README.md for composition (#598)
ros2/demos: composition/README.md

> ## **What Is This?**

Author: Noted. Removed all bolding from all headings.

> This demo provides examples on 3 different ways which users could use the **rclcpp_components** API to compose multiple nodes in a single process.

Author: Done.

> This ROS 2 package consists of the following nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ROS 2 package consists of the following demo applications:
```

Author: Done.

1. `dlopen_composition`
2. `linktime_composition`
3. `manual_composition`

## **Build**

Run the commands below to build the ROS 2 package:

```bash
colcon build --packages-up-to composition
```

## **Run**

### Manual Composition

Running `manual_composition` compiles an executable that runs the following 4 components: 

- **Talker** (A ROS 2 component which publishes a string)
- **Listener** (A ROS 2 component that prints the received string from **Talker**)
- **Server** (A ROS 2 component that adds two integers and outputs its result to **Client**)

> - **Client** (A ROS 2 component that sends two integers to **Server** and prints the received result from **Server**). 

Author: Noted. Done.

## **FAQ**

`Q`: Why use Composition?

> `A`: Composition provides utilties to  manage life cycle for nodes. This provides greater control over the state of a given ROS-based system. The idea of a managed node is to provide a interactable interface which executes to a known life cycle state machine, allowing for higher system transparency and code-agnosticism.

Reviewer: This section is describing lifecyle/managed nodes, not node composition. Node composition allows nodes to reside in the same process where the overhead of marshaling and unmarshaling messages can be avoided.

Author: Noted. Updated the section to the following:

```md
`Q`: Why use node composition?

`A`: Node composition avoids the overhead of marshaling and unmarshalling messages by allowing nodes to be instantiated within the same process.
```

Author: Done.
